---
tags: computers personal
title: does anyone happen to have a copy of Edutech Easy Motion 2012 lying around somewhere?
---

ok I'm joking. there is only 1 (one) mention of this software ever on the entire internet. there is no way anyone here has it. like, this feels "graviscore", those niche software lore that people make 30+ minute YouTube videos on, YET I am the only one on the site who knows about its existance, with zero information about Edutech on the internet.

for context: there's this company called [Edutech](https://edutech.com.my/) (generic name, i know) responsible for the IT education of my primary school. our textbook is called "创e电脑", which is a pun, an indication that the education material is good imo. the contents included the usual Microsoft Office stuff, but it also has basic video editing, and even blogging - surprisngly tech savvy for a primary school IT textbook. it's thanks to them that i'm so tech savvy today.

most of those lessons uses their propiretary software - stuff you get from Edutech, where you can't buy them anywhere else. there's that paint program, Edutech Easy Motion (a flash animation software), that video editor, etc.

like all Malaysian education software, it's all written in Flash. speaking of which, there are also software that the teacher uses in classes, an insane treasure trove of intereactive knowledge that kids really love. however, once you leave primary school, you'll never touch it ever again in your life. the fact that these are not publicly avaliable also means they'll become lost media eventually.

if I _really_ want it, I'll have to contact random SJKC primary schools or Edutech themselves to see if they're willing to give me. which is too risky and too much effort for me to bother. I'm disappointed that primary school me never thought to steal everything in a pen drive or something.

actually, i've been exaggerating how much it meant to me. [Scratch](https://scratch.mit.edu/) is more instrumental for all of my computer skills today than everything else combined, and it's open source AND more popular than ever. i think i'll settle for that.

## bonus: Yuzhe Easy Motion
turns out, i really did not search hard enough. a commentor on Cohost mentioned Edutech Easy Motion might have something to do with Yuzhe Easy Motion, a SWF animation maker designed for children, with the exact same EasyMotion.exe. this led me down to a rabbit hole... on that really didn't lead anywhere.

Yuzhe Easy Motion is developed by Yuzhe Software Co.,Ltd, which is based in China, seemingly [Wuhan](https://x.com/Yuzhesoft/status/22780542637). there are a few surviving accounts on the internet that lets us piece together some information.

Here's an official description from the company's [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/people/yuzhesoft/) and [cnet](https://download.cnet.com/developer/yuzhe-software/i-10111281/):
>Yuzhe Software Co., Ltd. was founded in 2007, and is mainly engaged in the development and sales promotion of application software, as well as the investigation, designment and development of the customized software. We also provide global promotion of the internet business of the software products. We have an experienced management team as well as a technically confident developer team. With these advantages, Yuzhe software keeps focusing on the development and sales promotion of customized software and hi-tech application software. Currently, Yuzhe has successfully sold its products to USA, United Kingdom, Belgium, Japan, and Korea, and also to local end users all over the domestic markets and we also have kept good cooperation relationships with reputed software manufacturers abroad. Our capability of Software development and comprehensive after-sales service system enjoy the universal recognition from users and partners.

The twitter accounts are more interesting. the [@Yuzhesoft](https://x.com/Yuzhesoft) has a bunch of coorporate sounding tweets promoting their various software. there's also [@LinninK / Linnin King](https://x.com/linnink), seemingly a personal account from a developer. both of them have more follows than followers, implying they're just mass following random people to promote their company.

there's also Yuzhe Cool Motion. not sure if that's an older version or a separte software, but it's definitely more well known than Easy Motion.

as i said, this rabbit hole didn't end up revealing anything. what is the relationship between Yuzhesoft and Edutech, what happended to the rest...? the silver lining is that CNET stores the files on their own server, unlike most download sites, meaning you can download [Yuzhe Easy Motion](https://download.cnet.com/yuzhe-easy-motion/3000-6676_4-75286205.html) right now. someone please run it for me since i couldn't figure out how to install [Flash ActiveX](https://www.reddit.com/r/flash/comments/nclo3p/how_do_i_install_adobe_flash_activex_version_on/). Thanks.

---

[Original post on Cohost](https://cohost.org/meow-d/post/6860777-on-one-hand-i-m-dis#comments)
