---
tags: music anime-manga
title: guy who just discovered Denonbu gushes about denonbu
---

ok, so, the main primise of denonbu is simple: songs featuring a guest artist and sung by one or more characters. there are novels and manga, but they're all secondary - the primary denonbu content is the music. and it's refreshing.

so... how's the music? it's really good! i went in assuming a certain sound, having only listened to the more popular songs, especially the moe shop ones. cause with similar franchaises, even with their diversity, you'd still feel like there's a theme. denonbu, on the other hand, feels more artist focused than anything. its main thing is _diversity_. you see a song, and you wonder what the artist will bring to the table, unfiltered. you're getting a full slice of the cake, without anyone shaving off the more unusual flavours, without trying to give you a slice that's mostly vanilla.

denonbu feels like it's run by people who genuinely love electronic music. i dunno about you, but when i see an anime franchaise about a subject, i'd assume the authors researched about it, rather than already being a part of the scene. point being, if someone like me were suddenly in charge of denonbu, with my surface level understanding of japanese edm scene, you couldn't display the same amount of love and care, you couldn't just research your way out of it.

obviously, [randomguyontheinternet Damillora's series of blog posts](https://blog.nanao.moe/denonbu/what-exactly-is-denonbu) does a better job introducing the franchaise than someone who barely knows anything about it. go read those instead.

## songs where i have something to write about

### Shian, Moe Shop - Tokyo Bug Night, Eat Sleep Dance
{% include youtube.html id="p7N5HwKNJ-E" %}
{% include youtube.html id="PBkzz0Fh3f0" %}

still my favorite songs from the entire franchaise. amazing lyrics too. i just love moe shop that much, okay...

### Mimito Sakurano, Neko Hacker - Lulala Lulala
{% include youtube.html id="nrieZWF3TCg" %}

pure happiness in a song

### Houou Karin, PSYQUI - Shining Lights
{% include youtube.html id="x669nWFrLis" %}

the most psyqui song that has ever psyqui'ed. i love the moment when psyqui said "it's psyqui time!" and psyqui'ed all over the place.

### Reml, Frog96 - Emotional Dot Net
{% include youtube.html id="YX34bTLNDdM" %}

of course there's a vocal synth robotgirl character. and she is weird as hell. probably the perfect girl to the super freaky people. and frog96 be cooking as always.

### Kenmochi Hidefumi, tama - Cat's Meow
{% include youtube.html id="DGM7DKKuy-c" %}

im not gonna lie, tama is a money printer. she's just designed to go viral. her body just screams MERCHENDAISE. PUT HER ON EVERYTHING. MARKETABLE PLUSHIEEE. T SHIRTS. KEYCHAINS. BODY PILLOWS. HRT THAT TURNS YOU INTO TAMA.

### Mimito Sakurano, Hina Minakami, Hylen - ULTRARHYTHM
{% include youtube.html id="pc2vl8789rM" %}

bubblegum bass(?)!!! i don't know who this Hylen person is, i apologize for not being familiar with your game.

### Tokyo den nou, Hylen - Yggdranium
{% include youtube.html id="ms0ZTDYosNo" %}

ditto.

### Tokyo den nou, valnee, NUU$HI - FATE*PHONK
{% include youtube.html id="VtRnQpraFoA" %}

the Neo Tokyo girls continues to be the weirdest(coolest) unit, really makes you appreciate the diversity.

### Minakami Hina, gaburyu - Future-core
{% include youtube.html id="7OxOnUKOW44" %}

hyperpop representation! what's not to love
