---
title: before i knew it, i have fallen in love with you.
---

before i knew it, i have fallen in love with you. yes, i knew you are taken, i was devastated when i found out, but that soon became part of the trill.

i still remember the first day i met you. i spent hours writing a post, what i thought was my masterpiece, but no one came. but then you came, you liked my post, your avatar is prettier than anyone else i've met. i instantly followed you. i no longer feel alone any more, just fear that i'll be alone again. so i took a gamble. i don't know what i was thinking back then, i was high on you. i took up the courage to send you an ask. it was the stupidest thing i've done, and our story could have ended there, just like that.

but then you replied. you salvaged my shitty joke into a viral post. for that moment, i felt together, standing there, doing severals with you. that was the point i realised you were special.

the rest is history. i knew you loved my posts and i loved your posts. i woke up to your avatar in my inbox, my heart flutters. i go about my day thinking about you. i slept to the thought that you would like my post. i woke up to your avatar in my inbox, my heart flutters.i go about my day thinking about you. i slept to the thought that you would like my post. iwoke up to your avatar in my inbox, my heart flutters.i go about my day thinking about you. i slept to the thoguht that you would like my post. i woke up to your avatar in my inbox, my heart flutters. i followed your private account. i saw your pic with your girlfriend. i go about my day thinking about you. i slept to the thought that you would like my post. i woke up to your avatar in my inbox, my heart flutters. i go about my day thinking about you. i slept to the thought that you would like my post. i woke up to your avatar in my inbox, my heart flutters. i made a funny reply. it was a picture of your breakfast, i want to be theere. i go about my day thinking about you. i slept to the thought that you would like my post. one day, you changed your avatar. yet my heart still beats the same, maybe i have fallen in love with you. i obsessively check my phone every day for traces of you. i want to know what you like, i want to know what you hate, i love all all the particles you leave behind. my favorite thing you've done is a commit message on github. "fix last commit" "fix last commit again" "a" "i wish my future employer didn't see this". at the moment i watch you hit commit (and push), time froze around me, i felt special, for i know for a fact your girlfriend did not see this - particles exclusive to me, i feel like your second girlfriend.

before i knew it, ihave fallen for your girl too. i dream of a time when the three of are all together, holding hands and cuddling, without a care to the outside world. i'm your second girlfriend, after all.

---

last few paragraghs removed because it's poorly written. i dun think anyone's reading it anyways. i hope not. this is my secret blog fuck off.
