/
---
layout: default
title: 🗣️🗣️ what the fuck is a malaysia dawg
---

hey kidsss, let's play a game. i'll play the cracker, you put on the blackface. let's shout slurs together.

ever since i was a kid, i've dream of being a racist white guy. well, as a chinese, it's the only role i can play.

these social justice warrirors are trying to stop me saying the n word. seriously, it's just a word, aren't you guys white too? i have the n word pass, given by my friend, i can say the n word.

---

Dear _____,

i've always hated you, secretly, all this time. every fucking attack helicopter joke makes me hate you even more. what the fuck is wrong with you. seriously. why can't you just be normal. are you going to rape someone one day? i hope you do. i hope you go to jail. you shouldn't be allowed to live.

---

hi guys, it is i, a racist, according to kastelpls.

hypocrite.

---

Ayo MC Yuno Kilimeters Cheong here, Dear Emily,

They call you Jpeg cause you keep bouncing on that nazi dick.

They call you WebP cause you surround yourself with misoginy.

They call you JXL cause your slight superioity makes you think you're hot shit.

I'm sorry to everyone else named Emily, bearing the same name as that piece of shit.

fuck you, Emily.

---

united in unity. unity in hatred. unity in bigorty. that's all we amounted to. as vile as you think. as vile as possible.

they look at ian miles cheong in sympathy, why would god create something so vile. he might not look like it, but he's the most malaysian man on earth. this propoganda ain't made for me but i'll suck it up anyways. i ❤️ elon musk. ai. industrial revolusion 4.0.

---

cherryblossoms. slight mist in the morning. the smell of rain. i was dreaming about you.

will you marry me?

i'm a better nazi than Emily anyways. she put up with it for you, but i'll accept it with you. i used to browse 4chan, i know more dogwhistles than you. so let's get married and start a family. it'll be a nazi wedding, i'll buy you a nazi cake, let's go for a nazi honeymoon. i'll bear children for you, watch them grow up, send them to kindergarten for the first time. i-

---

hypocrite.
